hey everyone just a quick note before
you watch this video it is called
framerate daily it actually exists on a
different channel normally full context
I get I do videos with them they do the
diagram so I get paid by them they're
not paying me for this it's not an ad
this is just me hooking up a friend or
helping him out my friend is named buddy
he and I have worked together a lot over
the years both at Yahoo eSports and at
GameSpot before then and he used to work
at IPL if anybody remembers up anyway he
hosts to make the show for them and I
think it's really good and they really
sit every single day on their framerate
channel this is their Twitter but you
can also check them out on YouTube and
stuff anyway I'm just the reason I'm
doing this is because I think you guys
can help them give him some feedback on
it tell them what you think about it I
think it's a really cool show I really
it's a daily update on all things
eSports and game stories it's like two
minutes long it's super easy to consume
if you like it check it out but also you
guys are great at giving constructive
good feedback so hopefully you guys can
do that and the comments on this video
thank you so much
some Fortnight fans will do anything for
a skin it rubs the lotion on its skin
again the galaxy skin is exclusive on
the samsung galaxy note 9 and players
that don't want to shell out $1000 for
the phone or Vague their parents to buy
it for them I'm going to retail stores
downloading the game on display phones
logging into their accounts and
downloading the skin retailers aren't
too happy about having to literally
chase kids out of their stores and while
I don't condone it have to applaud the
effort pub G is trying changes to crates
on the Xbox test servers affecting
prices keys and drop probabilities
weapons skins are also coming into the
game that can be dropped and crates
purchased with a new coin system of
course there has to be a battle point
system to earn them in-game as well or
we get the lawyers involved with the
recent anti-gambling laws concerning
loot crate's I look forward to the
future YouTube content of totally
legitimate third-party skin betting
websites but this time for pub G this is
frame rate daily I'm buddy Hutton
overwatch is running an event that's all
about Devo for two weeks the Nana : jerk
wires you to win games and quick play RK
or competitive mode to earn new diva's
sprays icons and skins other sprays are
also tied to certain twitch streams that
will be awarded after watching a certain
amount of time and as I probably can't
earn them by winning games I'm probably
gonna go with the sitting a of Cana
twitch stream option seems better for me
a new playable division has been added
to Call of Duty World War two in the
latest patch commando has a similar
layout to other divisions with for
progression tiers ending with the award
of an a s 44 rifle high damage high
recoil each tier has different benefits
like faster healing and being able to
use your weapons and grenades while
parachuting and which is the most badass
thing ever and fortnight already has it
well first there was the tear in the sky
and now it's the cube on the ground
a massive purple kill has appeared in
the map on fortnight last week and now
it seems to be moving the cube has begun
to hover with a dome surrounding it
filled with low gravity this is probably
a precursor to the event that's going to
end season 5 but whatever tinfoil hat
you wear I think it confirms at least
one conspiracy theory the world is not
flat not a globe but a purple cube this
is frame rate daily the end is nigh